A top choice in Barcelona
I spent two nights at the Casa Fuster from 26-28 November.
I had spent two nights at the Hotel 1898 on Las Ramblas before checking in to the CF, and although a night in a Standard room at the CF was 110 Euro a night more expensive than a Superior room at the 1898, the CF truly is in a different class than the 1898 and is worth the extra money.I should say however that a local travel agent quoted me a rate of Euro 240/night inclusive of breakfast at the CF for the weekend of November 17th, but I ended up having to change my travel dates due to work.
For the days I traveled ?
even though I did not stay at the CF on a weekend ?
were much more expensive ?
at Euro 330/night not including breakfast.
Obviously, it would have been great to get the cheaper rate, but I would pay the higher rate again for a chance to stay at the Casa Fuster where the service and the accommodations are truly top notch.
Let mention that I have a love-hate relationship with large hotels.
I like the hustle and bustle of crowded lobbies and get kind of depressed when I am staying at smaller boutique hotels that have empty-ghost town lobbies.
That doesn mean I am a fan of large numbers of tour busses dropping off tourists to gawk and gape while they wait in line for afternoon tea.
Still, my second impression of the CF (the 1st being the absolutely stunning building exterior ?
wow!)
with bellhops coming and going and groups congregating all over the lobby was ow this is a real hotel?
I would say that the CF and the 1898 are of similar size, but the lobby of the CF was much more lively than the 1898 although they both had high occupancy during my stay.
The 1898 does have a somewhat larger lobby however so this may account for why it seemed so sparkly populated.
After check in I decided to walk around town a bit.
Of course, the first thing I noticed as I was walking back up Pasaig de Gracia towards the hotel was a Large grey tour-bus parked outside the hotel.
Oh well.
Guess you cant have the crowded lobby without the obligatory tour bus parked outside.
Still, this lobby was crowded in the way I enjoy so I cannot fault it Although I expected the Standard room at the CF to smaller than the superior room at the 1898, the room at the CF had a very, very large, luxurious marble bathroom reminiscent of the bathroom at the Hotel de Russie in Rome.
I think the bathroom is the most important part of a hotel room and would gladly give up extra room real estate if it would buy me a larger bathroom.
You could comfortably fit two people in this bathroom which I appreciated even though I was traveling alone.
In fact the entire CF reminded me of a smaller version of the de Russie.
Something about the decor, and the layout of the hallways though I can put my finger on it.
I did have a minor problem with the shower ?
either there was no shower curtain or glass panel to keep the water from spilling all over the place, or I just count figure out how to use it, but I ended up making a minor flood in the bathroom that I had to use up all my towels to dry up.
Thankfully when I returned to my room the attendants who had done turn-down service had replaced my wet towels with fresh ones.
Although the CF felt from the start like a real deluxe experience, it proved itself to be such on my very first night there.
After a long day of sightseeing in the area around Palau Nacional I wanted to enjoy a glass of wine in the Lobby bar before heading off to dinner in town.
Regretfully, there was a private event going on at the time and the gentleman at the front desk apologized and offered to have me served in the upstairs library-quite area which I happily accepted.
Shortly after finding a place to sit where I could write my postcards a waiter appeared to take my order.
When he returned her informed me that the glass of wine was n the house,?
which could not have made me happier.
Very unexpected and very, very nice.
Skeptics might say that a small gesture like that is not worth the extra Euro 110/night over my other choice for accommodation, but to me it makes all the difference.I did eventually make my way to the lobby bar after midnight where I enjoyed a glass of Cava, finger foods, and deserts.
The later was on the pricey side but no more than I expected to pay at such a fine hotel.
Although I would stay at the 1898 again, if I budget was not a constraint I would choose the CF hands down.
You pay more, but you get so much more.
This was my second trip to BCN and some of the TripAdvisor members warned that the area has become a lot more touristy than in it was in 1997, I didn really find that to be the case.
Still, Lixample is not all that far away from Placa Catalunya and Pasaig de Gracia is really so nice to stroll along ?
leisurely or otherwise.
There is no reason to stay on Las Ramblas.
Even if you are not a walker, the Diagonal Metro station is only two stops form the Ramblas.
A note of caution for those of you who only travel by car or taxi: At 11 AM on a Monday morning to took over 30 minutes to travel from the Hotel 1898 (on Las Ramblas) to the CF.
I could have walked to the CF in just over half that time if I didn have a large suitcase with me.I would also like to try the Hotel Majestic, which is only 2 or 3 blocks from the CF and so many Trip Advisor members have spoken so highly of it.
But I wouldn think twice about staying at the CF again.
I cannot fault the experience ?
well maybe the 5 pound room key system REALLY does need to be done away with in favor of a keycard ?
but otherwise it was truly wonderful.
I never made it to breakfastas I had saved that for my checkout day but ended up having to check out at 4:30 AM due to a last minute change in my travel plans.
The reviews on TA are a little bit misleading for the CF.
I noticed a lot of people gave the CF 4-out-of-5 while nearly all the reviews of the 1998 are 5-out-of-5.
These reviews, coupled with the uber-cheap rate I was originally given for the CF, made me originally want to avoid it.
Too often have I stayed at a reat?
hotel at a steep discount and regretted doing so.
I was seriously afraid that the CF was past its prime.
Thankfully the CF was everything I expected ?
actually better b/c it surpassed the 1898 ?
truly a tough act to follow ?
in so many ways.
But I would explain the stellar reviews that the 1898 gets by saying that it probably exceeds people expectations as a 4 star hotel while it sounds like the CF sometimes does not live up to people expectations.
I would say that the CF met my expectations in every way and exceeded them in certain ways as well.
The 1898 may be a better value because it is much, much more affordably priced while offering many similar amenities and services.
But there really is no comparison.
These hotels have a different vibe ?
that of the CF is decidedly more up-market.
Of course most of the tourists in both hotels were Americans and the dollar is just not what it used to be.
I believe people are judging by ang for the buck??
as Euro 300 is now worth closer to $450 while it once was as little as $240..
a whopping 87% increase in 6 years.
That is no small consideration.
The CF is amongst the best in Barcelona.
I hope to eventually stay at the Majestic and may find myself at the Hotel Arts at some point, which I visited for lunch one day and felt like I was in Battery Park City, NYC ?
totally cut off from the rest of the city.
And what up with the lack of a restaurant on a high floor?
How could they forget to utilize the best amenity they have, and charge dearly for: the stellar views!
It must be reserved for hotel guests (no less than one nights stay is the cost of admission to what is probably one of the most spectacular vistas in the Mediterranean).
And they probably want to avoid the afternoon tea phenomenon ?
not that I blame them.
In the meantime, the Casa Fuster will be for me the best place to sty in Barcelona.
Hopefully it wont take me 10 years to go back to BCN like it did this time.
