Great Vacation for Relaxing!
We vacationed with another couple June 24-July 1 at Secrets Excellence and had a great time.
The pool is very large and we liked it because there were areas of the pool used by the entertainment staff and separate areas that were so quiet you couldn't even hear the entertainment and music.
Our room was very nice and extremely clean.
We never saw any bugs in our room at all.
It was one of only a few garden view rooms that is actually a garden view instead of an a view of an air conditioning unit or something like I have found at other resorts.
The food was ok, but nothing spectacular.
We really enjoyed the Mexican restaurant the best although the wait for the food there was the longest.
It is your basic all-inclusive food package, although we've had worse at other resorts.
We never had problems getting into any of the restaurants as far as wait time or anything like that.
The service is spectacular, from the front desk to the waitstaff to the housekeeping.
The people there definitely make it easy to enjoy yourself.
We did not go on any excursions because they all seemed to include really long bus rides.
The bus ride on the way in is long and bumpy, but not as bad as roads in Jamaica.
At least they were paved!!
Do take bug spray!!
The first couple of nights the mosquitos were no problem, but towards the end of the week we were all wearing jeans because the mosquitoes were out of control.
We all had a lot of bites even with bug spray!!
My friend and I both had spa treatments.
We each bought a package that included a bodyscrub, wrap and 50 minute massage.
Mine was $140usd and hers was $190usd because she added an manicure/pedicure.
This was by far the most relaxing and most wonderful part of my week.
With their great service and wonderful prices, I would recommend at least one trip to the spa to everyone!
This is a very laid back resort and I think it's great for people like us who wanted the ease of an all-inclusive.
If you're looking for tons of things to do besides sit and relax at the beach or pool, this may not be ideal for you.
We thought it was perfect for people like us who wanted to do nothing other than relax!
