Pros and Cons Service:
The service was okay, its only once you got to know the staff you received better service.
Majority of the staff speaks Spanish, my husband and I had challenges with the communication as we only spoke English.
The room service was slow it take approximately 1 hour or so.
Hotel- I would recommend staying at the Royal side, you get better service.
Also, you receive a 30 minute free massageBeach- The beach is bit of a walk from the Royal and the other side of the resort.
Restaurant:Japanese- My husband and I loved the food.
They serve you a variety of sushi.
The food is cooked right in front of you.
The first part is Shrimp Noodles and Fish.
The second part of the meal is Chicken Breast and Beef with Fried Rice.
We really enjoyed it!
Mexican- This was our second favourite restaurant.
The soup was good, we had the chicken tacos for appetizer.
We went to this restaurant twice.
Steak, Fajitas Fish with rice was really good.
The dessert was good as well.
This is the only place on the resort they have Corona beer.
Steak/American- My husband enjoyed the steak, you can ask the waiter to look at the different cuts for the steak.
I don't eat Red Meat this was a challenge for me, I ordered the Chicken Strips and it was horrible.
If you dont eat Steak don't bother going to this restaurant.
Only place on the resort they have Budweiser beer.
French- We enjoyed this restaurant, we had sole and duck.
The dessert was nothing spectacular.
Thalasa- I had the fish it was okay, the French was better.
My husband had the lobster it was more like Scampi.
If you stay on the Royal side you can have breakfast/lunch here everyday.
Its better than the buffet lunch.
Every other day at lunch there was buffet at ThalasaBuffet- The food is made in large quantity so its not flavorful.
We did not enjoy the service and it was extremely crowded.
Crepe Restaurant- This was good we went there everyday.
You can order off the menu.
They don't understand English, just point to the item on the menu.
Bars/Disco- We had challenges with communication as not many of them speak English.
We went to the disco twice, its okay nothing to rave about.
Show- The shows are repetitive so we stopped going after a few days.
I would not recommend this for kids there is lots of Booty Shaking.
Amenties: My husband enjoyed the 9 hole golf.
The clubs and cart was $10 USTips: We tipped everyday and found it very rude that almost any of the Europeans tipped.
I would recommend people help the staff by tipping and its about time the Europeans tip as well.
There were only a few Europeans that tipped, it is all inclusive but you should tip its common courtesy.
A few dollars go a long way for the staffHotel: The rooms are clean, just place the sign on the door to clean your room.
I saw a Cockroach once during my stay.
Overall: I dont think we will go back to this resort b/c of the language barrier and the fact that I dont eat red meat and I got sick of eating Seafood all week.
Apprantely in speaking with other travellers this is one of the better 4.5 resorts.
You are getting good value for the price of this resort.
