Hell hole!!
We stayed at this hotel the week starting the 22nd
Jan 2007 and it was truly horrendous!!
Check in was a joke, we were waiting ages for our room.
Our room was absolutely appalling we had holes in our wall, plug sockets came away from the wall when they were used, holes and cigarette burns in the bedding, the fuse box had no cover (not exactly ideal if you have kids) my boyfriend had 2 open the wardrobe for me everytime I wanted something out of it as it came off its runners and would get jammed!
We had holes in our roof were at night we developed a skylight, the bath was full of chips and marks with limescale and dirt covering the plug hole and shower head, the toilet blatantly hadnt been cleaned for a long time and the only way to open the plug in the sink was by using scissors!
not to mention the general state of the hotel, wires dangling on corridors, smashed roof tiles and cracks in the floor!
The worst bit however had to be 'alcatraz' the buffet restaurant, were birds and flies freely roamed all over the food, this put us off so much that we booked into an a la carte everynight as we refused to eat the contaminated food!
However it was at the a la carte 'Roma' where we dined with another couple who we had met on holiday that, my boyfriend, myself and our friends all contracted food poisoning.
We were really ill my boyfriend shaking severely and we all had diarrhoea and vomiting.
This continued for the duration of the holiday and I have still not fully recovered almost a month after being at home!
When we went to the rep about this problem she claimed that 'noone else had reported being ill' although since getting home we have read many reports on the thomson website suggesting otherwise!
I would also not advise the trips especially Saona and Rancho Jonathan.
Saona was filthy, condoms and condom wrappers on the beach (I have stayed in San Antonio, Ibiza on three occasions and never seen anything like this!)
also the toilets were covered in pools of urine and absolutely stank!
Rancho Jonathan was definately not up2 UK standards, my friend teaches horse riding and she was mortified when I told her what happened to us.Sanitation in general in the hotel was appalling we were left without electricity on some occasions which meant we also did not have running water.
Almost every day there was a problem with the water so toilets could not be flushed and hands could not be washed, my alcohol wipes for my hands that I took were a saviour!
So it is no wonder that people become ill in these conditions.
We also found the staff to be rude, and we noticed that service was only good if it involved big tips.
On a positive note the beach outside the hotel was really nice and the monster trucking trip was really good, just a shame about the rest of the holiday, We feel completely ripped off and disappointed and its definately put us off returning to the carribean.
This hotel is not a 4* in any stretches of the imagination, and I have travelled to many places, I would rate this hotel as a 2* and thats being kind!
