No problems with this place
I went to the Iberostar Punta Cana May 29th-June 2nd.
This was my first big trip out of the US and I am not much of a traveler I get sick easy.
I am 26 years old from Charlottesville, VA and went with my girlfriend.
When you get off the plane and you get your bags don't let the workers take your bags because they take you about 10 feet and then you are at the place where you find your bus to take you to the resort.
I did pay someone to find my bus for me which was fine.
The bus ride was fine and had AC but it takes about 45 mins to get to the resort.
The check in was easy and it only took us about 20 min and we were in our room.
The room was fine and our maid cleaned every day and left plenty of water and changed the sheets a couple of times during our stay.
We had a problem with the safe and the back door would not locked when we first got in the room.
We called the front desk and they had someone there with-in 10 min. and they fixed it.
We then went down to the desk next to the buffet and front desk and booked our two meals this is a must if you want to get in do it right away.
The food at the buffet was fine and they did change it up but you do get kind of tired of it by the end of the week.
The pool was nice and we never had a problem finding a place to sit down.
The beach was also nice and if you got down there by around 9:00 you could find a nice spot, any time after that you could get a seat but it would be in the back.
They give you towel cards and you can get your towel at 8:00.
We would just go down and get our towels leave them on a chair with a shirt of mine and then go eat breakfast.
Be careful though a couple had some travel papers stolen from a book on the beach.
We had one problem where a woman sat in our seats one day and she thought that her husband had left the towels for her and went to eat.
After talking to her for about two minutes she got up and left and sat in another guys seat.
So just leave a t-shirt or something to make sure nobody does this.
The drinks are fine and the water is clean to drink at the buffet's and dinners just not out of a sink or shower.
They do have good alcohol and they would give you plenty of it in your drink.
The bar's are not that far from the beach and are right next to the pool along with a ice cream stand.
There are some shops up the beach about a half a mile that you can bring the price down if you hagell them.
Everything in the store you need to times the price listed by three to get it in US money.
A candy bar was $1.50 and it is listed as 55 They had plenty of fun stuff to do bingo, volleyball, etc. and the workers are really nice and helpful.
We did leave a dollar tip for every drink and two after every meal.
They really think a lot if you give them a tip and are greatful.
The last thing about it and it was not the best part of the trip was the ride back to the airport the driver was going too fast and it scared us a little but he got us there.
All in all this is a great place to go and you will have fun.
